README.md, before:

lnkckr
======

**lnkckr** is a link checking library with command-line script `linkcheck`. It's intended to be used to check broken links and it can be interrupted at any time, then resumes from saved JSON file.

It supports Python 2.7 and Python 3.

**Contents**

[TOC]

Installation
------------

    pip install lnkckr

Usage
-----

    linkcheck [-c CHECKER] [-u|--update] [-f FILE] [-j JSON] [-s STATUS] [-x EXCLUDE_STATUS]

Arugment | Detail
--- | ---
`CHECKER` | what checker used to process `FILE`, see *Checkers* below.
`-u` or `--update` | update the JSON with input file. Wihout this, when `JSON` used, `FILE` is ignored.
`FILE` | the input filename or URL.
`JSON` | the filename of saved progress file. If the `FILE` is a filename, then `FILE` can be omitted, an filename is assigned automatically unless using different filename is desired.
`STATUS` | indicates re-check url with specific status.
`EXCLUDE_STATUS` | a CSV which lists what links with specified status will not be shown in report section. Default is `unchecked,200`.

Screenshot
----------

![Using lnkckr to check a Blogger XML Export file](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-JBBe-HVH_0M/URuaB0yeZHI/AAAAAAAAEc8/E6O7uL9gmJI/s800/lnkckr-blogger.png)

Checkers
--------

Checker | Description
--- | ---
`list` | input file is a list of links, one URL per line.
`html` | input file is a HTML file.
`blogger` | input file is a Blogger XML Export file.

Results
-------

Symbol | Description
--- | ---
`[---]` | the url hasn't been checked.
`[???]` | where the `???` is the HTTP status code.
`[###]` | means the fragment in the URL can't be found in the response body in format of `id="<fragment>"` or `name="<fragment>"`.
`[SCH]` | unsupported HTTP scheme.
`[SKP]` | the url is skipped.
`[RRR]` | the url results reaching maximal redirection limit.
`[XXX]` | unknown error.
`[000]` | timeout when trying to check the url.

Note
----

The output of lnkckr is similar to my two-year-old shell script `linkckr.sh`, I have also included it in the repository since lnkckr is kind of continuation of `linkckr.sh`, here is a [blog post about it](http://blog.yjl.im/2011/02/link-checker-bash-script-using-xmllint.html).

Related links
-------------

* [bea][]: Blogger Export Analyzer, not directly related, but also uses the Blogger XML Export file.
* [announcement][]: the blog post of lnkckr. 
* [b.py][]: Command-line posting script, it uses lnkckr to check links.

[bea]: https://bitbucket.org/livibetter/bea
[announcement]: http://blog.yjl.im/2013/02/checking-broken-links-with-blogger-xml.html
[b.py]: https://bitbucket.org/livibetter/b.py

License
-------

lnkckr is licensed under the MIT License, see `COPYING`.

Commit message:

add environment variable LNKCKR_BLOGGER_TOPLIST_LIMIT
Which controls the amount of listed entries in toplist section, default is 10, 0 means listing all.

The method and name are inspired by Gentoo eix's `EIX_LIMIT`.

README.md, after:

lnkckr
======

**lnkckr** is a link checking library with command-line script `linkcheck`. It's intended to be used to check broken links and it can be interrupted at any time, then resumes from saved JSON file.

It supports Python 2.7 and Python 3.

**Contents**

[TOC]

Installation
------------

    pip install lnkckr

Usage
-----

    linkcheck [-c CHECKER] [-u|--update] [-f FILE] [-j JSON] [-s STATUS] [-x EXCLUDE_STATUS]

Arugment | Detail
--- | ---
`CHECKER` | what checker used to process `FILE`, see *Checkers* below.
`-u` or `--update` | update the JSON with input file. Wihout this, when `JSON` used, `FILE` is ignored.
`FILE` | the input filename or URL.
`JSON` | the filename of saved progress file. If the `FILE` is a filename, then `FILE` can be omitted, an filename is assigned automatically unless using different filename is desired.
`STATUS` | indicates re-check url with specific status.
`EXCLUDE_STATUS` | a CSV which lists what links with specified status will not be shown in report section. Default is `unchecked,200`.

Screenshot
----------

![Using lnkckr to check a Blogger XML Export file](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-JBBe-HVH_0M/URuaB0yeZHI/AAAAAAAAEc8/E6O7uL9gmJI/s800/lnkckr-blogger.png)

Checkers
--------

Checker | Description
--- | ---
`list` | input file is a list of links, one URL per line.
`html` | input file is a HTML file.
`blogger` | input file is a Blogger XML Export file.

### Blogger

The Blogger checker has the following environment variables:

Variable | Description | Default
--- | --- | ---
`LNKCKR_BLOGGER_TOPLIST_LIMIT` | the amount of entries listed in toplist. 0 means list all entries. | 10

Results
-------

Symbol | Description
--- | ---
`[---]` | the url hasn't been checked.
`[???]` | where the `???` is the HTTP status code.
`[###]` | means the fragment in the URL can't be found in the response body in format of `id="<fragment>"` or `name="<fragment>"`.
`[SCH]` | unsupported HTTP scheme.
`[SKP]` | the url is skipped.
`[RRR]` | the url results reaching maximal redirection limit.
`[XXX]` | unknown error.
`[000]` | timeout when trying to check the url.

Note
----

The output of lnkckr is similar to my two-year-old shell script `linkckr.sh`, I have also included it in the repository since lnkckr is kind of continuation of `linkckr.sh`, here is a [blog post about it](http://blog.yjl.im/2011/02/link-checker-bash-script-using-xmllint.html).

Related links
-------------

* [bea][]: Blogger Export Analyzer, not directly related, but also uses the Blogger XML Export file.
* [announcement][]: the blog post of lnkckr. 
* [b.py][]: Command-line posting script, it uses lnkckr to check links.

[bea]: https://bitbucket.org/livibetter/bea
[announcement]: http://blog.yjl.im/2013/02/checking-broken-links-with-blogger-xml.html
[b.py]: https://bitbucket.org/livibetter/b.py

License
-------

lnkckr is licensed under the MIT License, see `COPYING`.
